
Dialogue History 
Ren'Py includes a dialogue history system that stores each line of dialogue
after it has been shown to the player. This stored dialogue can then be
retrieved and re-shown to the player.
The dialogue history system is controlled by two variables.
The config.history_length variable controls the maximum number
of history entries that are stored, and must be set to enable history
at all. The _history variable can be used to disable and re-enable
history storage.
Finally, the _history_list variable stores the actual history, as
a list of HistoryEntry objects. HistoryEntry objects contain data in
their fields, as defined below.


class HistoryEntry 


kind 
The kind of character that created this history. Ren'Py sets this
to either "adv" or "nvl".



who 
A string giving the name of the character that is speaking, or None
if no such string exists.



what 
A string giving the dialogue text.



who_args 
A dictionary giving the properties that were supplied to the who
text widget when the dialogue was originally shown.



what_args 
A dictionary giving the properties that were supplied to the what
text widget when the dialogue was originally shown.



window_args 
A dictionary giving the properties that were supplied to the
dialogue window when the dialogue was originally shown.



show_args 
A dictionary giving the properties that were supplied to the say
screen when the dialogue was originally shown.



image_tag 
The image tag given to the Character(), or None if no such
tag was given.



voice 
This is the object returned from _get_voice_info(), storing
information about the voice that is being played.



rollback_identifier 
This is an identifier that can be passed to the RollbackToIdentifier()
action, to cause a rollback to the line of script that generated
this history entry. The rollback only occurs if the location is still in
the script log, otherwise the action is insensitive.


Once a HistoryEntry has been created, it is passed to each of the
callbacks in config.history_callbacks, which allows creator-written
code to add new fields.

